Fix slowness when checking out spatial-filter WC (#581)
koordinates/kart: CHANGELOG.md

_When adding new entries to the changelog, please include issue/PR numbers wherever possible._

## 0.11.1

> * Fix for the slowness when creating the working copy in a spatially filtered repository (this was previously slower than usual in a spatially filtered repository, now it is faster) [#561](https://github.com/koordinates/kart/issues/561)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improve performance when creating a working copy in a spatially filtered repository (this was previously slower than in a non-filtered repository; now it is much faster) [#561](https://github.com/koordinates/kart/issues/561)
```

Author: Done
